hi guys what's up welcome back to my
channel so today I am doing another haul
this time in Essos petite lounge where
haul so I wanted to get some more like
comfy clothes I could train my clients
in lounge around the house just I don't
like real people clothes I like loud and
I was looking for a place that I could
get some stuff that would fit
notoriously sweatpants ever fit me
probably you have trouble too if you're
a petite woman watching this like the
leg is too long or the scrunchie part is
like too baggy and it looks like a silly
person like with the bag it's just like
hanging over the ankle or the like the
butts too saggy and there's just like
all these problems and I'm very
particular about my lounger I want high
waisted I want to just like I want the
waistband to be a certain tightness I
want like a tapered leg but I want a
little bit of bagginess in them so I
have standards for my loungewear and I
saw that ASOS has a petite they have
petite Fitness everything but they also
have a lot of petite loungewear like
joggers and joggers sacks and I also
thought it was cute they saw one of the
them together like a jogger set like a
sweatshirt plus the pants so I decided
to get up just a few things from them
and when I actually looked for sizing I
looked for someone else on YouTube who
did an Asus petite loungewear haul and
no one's done one so I was like okay
well I need help with the sizing here
because I took their little sizing quiz
and it told me I was a u.s. 4 which I'm
not I'm usually a zero or two I only
thing I could find for advice was this
thing on reddit it was like a single
thread that was to size down so then I I
wouldn't say size down I would just say
size true to your sizing cuz they have
European sizing and I don't think they
understand American sizing so I ended up
ordering twos and fours and the twos all
fit me way better but I'll show you both
for reference and we'll dive in so to
start actually I'm wearing something
that I ordered from they're not
loungewear every day just bought it
anyway since I thought it was super cute
I love a good crop top and I love that
this was like this is sheer I'm wearing
like a nude colored true bra under this
so it's like they're kind of like a
sports bra cut so that it's you can
it kind of has that like naked look feel
but obviously I'm wearing something
underneath
I love the Nike is the Nike top workout
in this like a train in this pairs
really well with high weights and stuff
so I love this top to start and I'll
show you guys what else I got
ok shall we dive in to start I'm going
to start with this green set I'm
actually wearing the pants right now I
got this it's a very nice like green
kind of earthy tone green jogger sets I
the one that fits me is a two so I'll
show you what the two looks like on me
versus the four I'll just show one of
the fours on me today because the twos
just spent way better but just so you
guys can see I'll try on a for free for
you but yeah they they fit really well I
do have to say I wore them I'm looking I
know I just looked at my crotch it was
weird but I am wearing them right now
and I wore them one time and they
already peeled in the thighs I'm just
checking to see if that was still true
and it's the pills encoding rare which
was super disappointing like yes my
thighs touch clothing will pill but not
all clothing does like only kind of low
quality clothing so that was
disappointing one where and it already
pills like come on but you know what
maybe we'll stop there maybe I will not
get worse so we'll just give it the
benefit of the doubt
the sweatshirt is super oversized so I
did like a little French tuck I'm not
from where I French stuck
thanks tan in the front just like make
it look more fitted but yeah it's kind
of a dopey size like it's big but the
the joggers themselves are really really
tailored and they fit much better I also
I didn't realize at the time but I
ordered other joggers and they're like
the exact same cut and style and
identical accepts different colors so I
didn't really know that I was doing that
but I so I have a couple colors of them
I also ordered them in this blue color
again the two fits better I'm probably
just gonna keep the green and return the
blue just because the quality isn't as
exciting as I thought it would be you
know what that's kind of indicative of
fast fashion it's not going to be high
quality and
trying to be more sustainable these days
I do want to do more I do do my fair
share of like secondhand clothing I like
there's great second-hand shops in
Brooklyn so I do go especially with my
neighborhood there's like four within
five block radius so I do do that as
well but I like I said I have trouble
joggers I was like maybe I'll just try
in sews petite I will give them this
like they do fit a petite body nicely I
think that they do have that down pretty
well and I'm excited about that like
very excited and not and I ordered from
ASOS beti in the past and the Cologne
it's not always bad I just think with
these sweatpants because also my legs
touch and I've got like a thick body
like I'm slim thick I've been eaten I
learned a lot now like lately so I
bought dyes if it's getting annoying
but it's just like they're paling a
little bit but other than that I thought
the blue is really cute as well and then
I also ordered them in with this stripe
down the side again it's the same cut
they have pockets do they yeah they all
have pockets actually these are
identical to the green ones they're just
in black so they fit the exact same way
and to be honest I have a lot of black
clothes so I probably won't keep this
either but they fit exactly identical
and then um what else do they get it
looks like I got a lot of stuff but I
didn't it's just when I ordered
everything in two sizes so if anything
this video will be short but it's just
just like help you guys with sizing too
and then lastly I got some black
sweatpants
I was hoping these would not be fitted
like these are a little bit like skinny
jean sweatpants and I don't didn't
really want that I wanted a bag ear cut
and I wanted the bottom this was
disappointing I'm gonna return these I
want the bottom to be like tighter and
then bag ear here but they're like loose
here and tight here so that was also
disappointing all in all I did
appreciate that they're sizing was true
to fit I am a - so if you're American
ordering on their website just order
you're true to size fit that's my best
advice and they're petite sizing is
great it didn't really I was like I was
wondering if they're petite sizing meant
that I had
change my sizing but I didn't it fit
really well so if anything I always
order a fair amount of stuff but then
return most of it or half of it and just
keep the stuff I truly love and I say I
think I'm gonna priority more this so
I'm gonna wear this keep this shirt keep
the the green outfit I might keep the
blue we'll see but yeah if you guys know
of any other petite loungewear or like
loungewear that's really cute and well
made and it fits the petite body let me
know where I can get some really good
sweatpants I'm still searching for them
I'm gonna find them I will find them
don't you worry but if you know of any
let me know so that I can trust myself
other than that um this is a quick haul
but I hope you guys found it helpful I
hope it helped you with sizing for ASOS
petite loungewear and if you get
anything let me know I'll put the links
below for all of these ones so you can
check them out other than that I'll talk
to you guys soon thanks for watching and
give this video a like if it helped you
with sizing and subscribe for more
content tailored to petite women alright
bye you guys